Hello,

Greetings  from Epicomm Technologies Ltd…!!! 

Your interview has been scheduled with Epicomm Technologies 

Your Interview schedule details are as follows :

Date & Time     :  Monday , 3rd December 2018  at 11.30 AM.

Address             : EpiComm Technologies Limited
                               Cerebrum IT Park,
                               Bldg B3, 2nd Floor,
                               Above D-mart,
                               Kalyani Nagar,
                               Pune - 411014 

The interview process will begin with  a technical written test followed by technical face to face interview.
(Please make sure that you have not appeared for any interviews with Epicomm Technologies in last 6 months.)
JOB Description:

A) Skills Required :
Strong Knowledge of JAVA, Spring MVC, MySQL, JDBC, ANDROID .
Knowledge of Spring framework.
Skills for writing reusable JAVA Libraries.
Concepts of MVC, JDBC, and RESTful API
Familiarity with Java, Java Beans, Java Applets, Java Servlets, JavaScript.
Knowledge of concurrency patterns in JAVA
Good to have knowledge of JPA2, Hibernate
B) Roles & Responsibilities :
Object Oriented analysis and design using common design patterns.
Object Oriented Design
Profound insight of Java and JEE internals (Class loading, Memory Management, Transaction management etc)
Developing web applications using at least one popular web framework (JSF, Spring MVC , St)
Creating database schema that represent and support business process
Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests
Basic understanding of JVM, its limitations, weaknesses, and workarounds
 Proficient Understanding of code version tools, such as GIt
Familiarity with build tools such as Ant, Maven, Gradle
Familiarity with continuous integration
C) Personal Qualities :
Team Player, able to provide input into a multi functional team
Adaptable. The role requires a willingness to take on tasks outside of a narrowly defined role
Self motivated, capable of working with limited supervision, proactively reporting on status and tasks
Good communicator at multiple levels and across multiple disciplines
Capable of working to both tactical and strategic timescales
D) Qualification : 
  Any Graduate / Post Graduate
About Company :
Epicomm Technologies Ltd.  is a custom software application development company and have completed 12 years in software solutions business.

We provide end to end IT solutions to the businesses outside India. We develop across different business verticals including Legal Software, CRM, Social Networking, Workflow management for coordination and planning of activities, Human Resources Software for legal formalities, custom iPhone and Android application development, Quality Management, data collection and reporting of Power plants etc.

Our STRENGTH is software process management where roles and goals of each individual are defined to fulfill the customized needs of our clients.
This strength has helped us to achieve a high client retention ratio and also provide them with end to end software solutions. For this, we make sure that our recruitment and training process is such that it adds advantage in providing the best of manpower and software solutions to our clients.

For more details visit : www.epicomm.net

Thanks & Regards

Human Resource

EpiComm Technologies Ltd.

Pune 411014 I Tel: 8087045363

